\section{Future of SunPy}
SunPy as a project has existed for roughly three years. In this time the code 
base has grown to over 110,000 lines. SunPy in it's current form is a useful 
package for the analysis of calibrated solar data, however, the code base is 
still very changeable from release to release.

As discussed in Section \ref{sec:Intro}, the primary focus of the 
\texttt{sunpy} library is the analysis and visualisation of `high level' solar 
data. This means data that has been put through instrument processing and 
calibration routines, and contains full (WCS) coordinate information. The 
development plan for SunPy is to continue development within this scope. The 
primary components of this plan are to provide a set of data types that are 
interchangeable with one another, \textit{i.e.} if you slice a \texttt{MapCube} 
along one coordinate a \texttt{LightCurve} of intensity along the time range of 
the \texttt{MapCube} should be returned. To achieve this goal all the data 
types need to share a unified coordinate system architecture so that each data 
type is aware of what the physical type of it's data is and how operations on 
that data should be performed.

In concert with the work on the data types further integration with the 
\texttt{astropy} package will enable SunPy to inherit the large amounts of work 
done in that project to support a platform for astronomical data analysis. For 
example the \texttt{astropy.units} submodule provides a simple and efficient 
way of representing physical units in Python data types, there are plans to 
incorporate this widely in the SunPy code-base. In the past 12 months the 
collaboration with the Astropy project \cite{theastropycollaboration2013} and 
it's community has grown, this direct collaboration between Astropy and 
SunPy will be one of the key strengths of SunPy going forward.